and unintentionally wanting camacho
ladies and gentlemen the part that has one
commented on Maria
who fought until the end a ball that
He seemed lost he was going to kick
goal
trans join take the center and well for
work that initiated and accompanied and
the defenders of Quindío much more
high than him since this headbutt well
accommodated to the left hand of the
goalkeeper table to put the one for zero
first thank left leg and well
the answer to jose silva and 42
polemic asked for here rosemary criminal wins
the position to the defender and at the end goes to
floor
says the fifth one to see
so it was also launching the
front to be able
nothing was caught by the wave the few
fans here in the centenary and the macho
camacho no forgiveness of five with
fifty the second in your account to the
four and a car according to the
second part of ladies and gentlemen the
chalice already has two the quindío nothing
commented the official when felipe
every life table that came out nothing comes out
terrible oscar meza is a lawyer
the advocates who make it come to a
ball that goes around the whole area
little
a package
he did it looking for cuéllar and the seven
minutes of agreement ladies and gentlemen of the
second time already
Cali has 3 who said nothing Juan Felipe
every time 90 the football goal of the
sports cali goal to his monument the
counterattack from the exit for that
subtle touch full of class of Carlos
lizarazo a taconcito for a man who
comes from behind running is cuéllar
after camacho the second in the
line of the best of the game but
when it only accompanies what it throws
the ball looking for it
the road that shows him sergio rosemary
we saw it in the split repetition
there was robert or they were not out of the
Instead keep running Cuéllar
perfect rosemary in a hundred
spectacular auction new story with
who right after the rejection he made
simple and well the Argentine for the
fourth ladies and gentlemen at 18
this second time is done in the chalice
Cali has 42 who gave nothing to Juan
felipe that in sight sale in the
futbolería is blessed the chalice everything
that has to door puts it
in the rebound by vargas to be
Attentive not reach to reach and strong
auction of the Argentine to the left hand
of table who finished off four
times and four times and in contrast what
who is living on the other side table
the control is the very committed in the
sound especially
channel 5 0 to the Quindío
that someone jumps in the sport without saying
look today alone they got up three of
Cali sports and defined it all
looking to see how he did the fifth
murillo good header after the center
from the right and it's already five inside
the sports of Quindio
that had to do